Room Listing

1. One of a Kind (Studio)
    Perfect for the couple that likes to snuggle, or for the individual who enjoys having his or her own space.

    18 sqm / 194 sqft
    Max 2 pax
    1 Queen-size bed

2. Up and Down (Studio)
    Love travelling with friends but still want the bed space to sprawl? This room provides both of you that spatial freedom and moonlight me-time, without the loneliness.

    18 sqm / 194 sqft
    Max 2 pax
    Bunk beds (1 single + 1 super single)


3. lyf Style (Thematic Studio)
    This gaming-themed room is equipped with a PlayStation game console, and designed for the ultimate dusk-to-dawn gaming experience. Tired? Pull down the bed for a power nap, or grab a quick shower in the ensuite bathroom. Don’t be surprised if neighbours start to drop by and hang out with you over a game.

    18 sqm / 194 sqft
    Max 2 pax
    1 Double bed


4. One of a Kind Plus (Studio)
    Perfect for the couple that likes to snuggle, or for the individual who enjoys having his or her own space, with a kitchen to boot.

    27 sqm / 291 sqft
    Max 2 pax
    1 Queen-size bed


5. Two of a Kind (2 Bedroom)
    All about that ‘one of a kind’ situation, but upsized and served up alongside a private pantry. Perfect for four people, or just two if you prefer not to share.

    43 sqm / 463 sqft
    Max 4 pax
    2 Queen-size beds


6. All Together (2 Bedroom)
    The All Together 2-Bedroom apartment has just what you need to power through small group meetings and discussions or even an ideal option for your next holiday with your friends. In fact, you could live your whole life in here—and why not?

    41 sqm / 441 sqft
    Max 4 pax
    2 Queen-size beds


7. All Together (4 Bedroom)
    This 4-bedroom apartment has just what you need to brainstorm for new game-changing business ideas with an interactive display and touch screen whiteboard and to actively engage a team of up to 6 persons in a conducive setting. Experience work, live and play, right here at lyf! Fret not if you're travelling on a holiday! The apartment is outfitted with a well-equipped kitchenette and a separate living area for you to enjoy gatherings with family and friends as well.

    70 sqm / 753 sqft
    Max 6 pax
    2 Queen-size beds & 2 Super single-size beds


8. All Together (6 Bedroom Duplex)
    Whether you're travelling or visiting with a large group of friends or on business, experience the unique mix of coworking and coliving with our All Together 6 Bedroom Duplex. Transit from a business meeting to a dinner party cook-off with ease, in our well-quipped kitchenette and a multi-functional living and dining space or organise gatherings with friends and coworkers. This apartment is perfect for eveyone!

    105 sqm / 1130 sqft
    Max 9 pax
    3 Queen-size beds & 3 Super single-size beds


Additional Information:

Children and Extra Bed:
All children under the age of 7 stay free of charge when using existing bedding with accompanying adults.
No extra bed available.

Check-in Age Requirement:
Guests must be at least 18 years of age with a valid photo identification to check-in.